Hello.  You are the master terminal.
Please enter your name. Explorer

Enter command (type 'HELP' for instructions)
Changes afoot!  Type EXPLAIN NEW for what's new!
You are talking with #0: Explorer
help

General information on Xcaliber:

    The commands detailed below are fairly easy and are more or less all
that a beginner needs to know.  For a list of other commands and what they
do, type
        EXP Commands
    Note that any command may be abbreviated to two letters, and some of the
more common ones to a single letter.

Tell    To send a message to someone, just type TELL followed by their number.
----    When the terminal prints "Speak!", type your message.  To finish the
        message,bye
 type an EXTRA carriage return.  For information on how to send
        to more than one person, or to everyone, type EXPLAIN TELL.  Since this
        command is used so much, you can type JUST the number of the person you
        want to talk to, without the TELL command before it.

Who     The WHO command gives you a list of the other people on the conference
---     with you.  It tells you each user's number, and other information about
        them.  For more information, type EXPLAIN WHO.

BYe     Typing BYE (or STOP) will disconnect you from the conference.
---

Port    The PORT command gives you a list of users and where they are (type
----    EXPLAIN PORT).

Explain Typing EXPLAIN (or E) and then a topic will give you an explanation for
------- that topic.  Type EXPLAIN TOPICS for a list of "explainable" topics.

HElp    Prints out these instructions.
----

ID      If you want to change your name, just type ID followed by the new name
--      you want (type EXPLAIN ID for more information).

IM      The IMPENDING command gives you a list of users who are currently
--      building a message to you.  An empty command line (just pressing
        the "return" key) is the same as typing IM.

RA      The RA (Reject Alls) command can be used if you don't want to receive
--      messages broadcast to everyone.  This is useful if you're on a slow-
        speed terminal and are getting swamped with messages  (type EXPLAIN
        RA for information on such things as how undo the RA command).


Conference "XYZ" has terminated.
